feat(): handle two instances, publisher & subscriber (#4)
MyUnisoft/Redis: README.md

  closeRedis
} from "@myunisoft/redis";

const publisher = await initRedis();
const subscriber = await initRedis({}, true);

assert.strictEqual(publisher, getPublisher());
assert.strictEqual(subscriber, getSubscriber());

await closeAllRedis();
```

## 📜 API

### getRedis(subscriberInstance: boolean = false): Redis;

> This function return either the publisher instance, either the subscriber instance.

---

### initRedis(redisOptions: Partial<RedisOptions> & { port?: number; host?: string; } = {}, initSubscriber?: boolean): Promise<Redis>

> > This function is used to init redis connections, passing extInstance at true, init the subscriber local instance, otherwise, it init the publisher local instance.

Reviewer: extInstance?

  closeRedis
} from "@myunisoft/redis";

const publisher = await initRedis();
const subscriber = await initRedis({}, true);

assert.strictEqual(publisher, getPublisher());
assert.strictEqual(subscriber, getSubscriber());

await closeAllRedis();
```

## 📜 API

### getPublisher(): Redis;

> This function return the Redis publisher instance.

---

### getSubscriber(): Redis;

> This function return the Redis subscriber instance.

---

### initRedis(redisOptions: Partial<RedisOptions> & { port?: number; host?: string; } = {}, initSubscriber?: boolean): Promise<Redis>

> > This function is used to init redis connections, passing extInstance at true, init the subscriber local instance, otherwise, it init the publisher local instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function is used to initialize Redis connections. If the extInstance parameter is set to true, it initializes the local instance as a subscriber. Otherwise, it initializes the local instance as a publisher.
```
I think we can improve the ponctuation there, wdyt ?
